From the SmashWiki:

"Most events either have infinite time due to stage changes (such as The Yoshi Team of 50) or
automatically fail the players from time limits quickly reaching 0 seconds (such as All MINE! and
The Great Remodeling Battle).
In events that allow choosing any character, choosing Mewtwo or Roy will make the game think that
Lucario or Marth, respectively, have been chosen in terms of whenever or not Lucario and Marth
should wear an alternate costume. Event 40 is a recreation of Melee's Showdown (with Mewtwo as an
opponent), where selecting Lucario has the same effect."

Not sure if this has been fixed in P+.


Ensure the proper stage is loaded in all events: even many from vanilla Brawl are loaded from the
SD in P+ rather than the iso and that requires us to set again many locations.
P+ makes some slots chosen in common2 redirect to button alts for some events through ASLHelper.asm,
which is inside Source\LegacyTE. Not sure of other things this file does.



Documentation of PM events with notes on issues like event icons, character icons and stage/music
mismatch to address as well as trivia that give more context to the changes.


1p

1 - Two Trouble Kings (Mario vs Bowser and DDD on Delfino)
	Note: in Brawl this event takes place in Delfino Plaza, but maybe DS suits the fight better
2 - Landmaster Ignition (Fox using Final Smash vs Sheik and Meta Knight on Corneria)
3 - Pink Ball Repulsion (Meta Knight stopping Kirby from surviving after the initial Halberd phase)
4 - A Skyworld Engagement (Pit vs the Dark Pit costume on PM Skyworld)
	Note: this event in Brawl has Pit fight Warios while he destroys the platforms; the PM
	      version is more interesting although maybe repetitive with #18
5 - Become the Champion! (Ivysaur vs Squirtle on Saffron City)
	Oddities: icon being Ivy and Squirlte on another stage;
		  Mewtwo mentioned as the player and with PT's icon;
		  the fight being on Saffron City - although being on PS2 would repeat #8's theme,
		  ignoring repetitions, since the event has 3 stocks per player it'd be nice to
		  have one stock per Pokémon simulating a PT without switches;
		  Brawl has a similar event, ignoring repetitions with #8, where it's a 3 stock PT
		  ditto with one party member locked out as its stock is gone; if it's possible to
		  give both the player and the CPU one stock with each Pokémon in an All-Star
		  Versus-like scenario, that on PM PS2 would be the best update to this event
6 - Bird in Darkest Night (black Falco vs G&W on a Brinstar that becomes fully dark)
	Note: Brawl here has Super Bowser Bros., a neat unique event where you need to reach the
	      end of the level in Mushroomy Kingdom with 1 stock as you deal with CPU Marios
7 - Diddy Kong Panic (DK vs many small Diddy Kongs on Bowser's Castle hazard on)
	Oddities: PM Bowser's Castle doesn't fit the event much, nor the music suits the stage;
		  the description mentions a lost race... and in fact the Brawl version has this
		  same event run on Mario Circuit which solves the issue; the old icon should also
		  be restored;
		  also, seems like this event crashes in Hard Mode on vanilla 3.6, that should be
		  fixed if not done already
8 - Go! Triple Finish! (Pikachu vs Squirtle, Ivysaur and Charizard on PM PS2)
	Oddities: the opposing trio has different costumes but the defaults in the icon;
		  seems like this happens in Brawl too, but with Squirtle being red instead of
		  PM green; all should have default, or at worst we can arrange a fitting
		  combination of costumes for them in this event
9 - Clash of Swords (Ike vs Link and Roy on PM Battlefield)
	Oddities: is... the icon showing PM Castle Siege? Music is also from FE but that suits the
		  event theme at least;
		  this is the second event PM replaces entirely, here Ike fights two Diddys and a
		  giant DK as Brawl Castle Siege transforms, it's called The Monster Beneath the
		  Earth
10 - All-Star Battle Regulars (any character vs the first 8 fighters on PM FD)
11 - Yoshi's Rainbow (ICs vs 6 Yoshis that need to be defeated in order on Yoshi's Story)
	Note: Rainbow Cruise like in Brawl suits this event better
12 - Sleeping in the Eggs (Yoshi vs Pikachu and Kirby in Brawl Yoshi's Island)
13 - Dragoon Strike (Kirby defeating 3 Warios on Halberd with Dragoon parts)
14 - Sproutage of the Flower Pikmin (Olimar waiting vs Pikachu and Jigglypuff on PM Distant Planet)
	Note: Brawl Distant Planet could suit this event better
15 - The Hammer of the King (Dedede and 2 more vs a giant metal one on Smashville)
16 - Power Suit ON! (ZSS on Frigate Orpheon vs 2 more ZSSs waiting for her Final Smash)
17 - Brisk Expedition (Ice Climbers vs white Ivysaur and DK on Infinite Glacier)
	Note: third fully replaced event, in Brawl there's Super Waterfall Climb where Zelda climbs
	      Brawl Rumble Falls while surviving from 2 ICs CPUs with infinite stocks; neat event
18 - Dark Link Duel (Link vs Dark Link at 200 HP on Hyrule Temple)
	Note: this event in Brawl is in Bridge of Eldin and the icon shows that as well; it's a
	      better setting than Hyrule Castle and should be restored
19 - Metal Battle in Metal Cavern (Metal Wario vs Metal Mario and Luigi on asymmetric Metal Cavern)
	Note: in Brawl this event is called Wario Bros. and takes place in Mario Bros. without the
	      Metal gimmick; I find PM's version to be an improvement
20 - All-Star Battle x 1 (any character vs 8 Brawl newcomers on PM Battlefield)
	Oddities: Charizard replaced PT, but PT is still in the event icon; the description
		  could be updated to replace "eight" with "eig- ahem! Ten" and the fight have
		  Squirtle and Ivysaur added to the pool of enemies
21 - Visit to Onett (Lucas vs Ness on Onett)
22 - Monkeys Unite (Diddy and Giant DK vs Sheik and Lucario on PM Rumble Falls)
23 - Kirby's Mass Attack (any character vs many Kirbies on PM Dreamland)
	Note: another replacement from Brawl, where originally there's Molten Norfair with Samus
	      having to enter the capsule when the lava hits against Fox and Captain Falcon, all
	      three at 300%
24 - Come On, Blue Falcon (Captain Falcon with his Final Smash vs 2 R.O.B.s on Port Town Aero Dive)
25 - The Aura Is With Me (Lucario vs Sheik and Ness on PM PS2)
26 - The Slow and Easy Life (Ness vs Olimars on Smashville K.K. version)
27 - Three-Beast Carnage (R.O.B. vs giant Bowser, Charizard and DK on Fourside)
	Note: this event originally takes place in New Pork City; not sure on the best stage there
	      as the theme may be better reflected on New Pork, but gameplay-wise Fourside could be
	      best
28 - Don't Get Hit (Captain Falcon vs Fox and Marth on PM Battlefield)
	Note: of course this event isn't in Brawl; there we have Flower Blooms in the Echoes with
	      Peach having to turn Hanenbow leaves on while an Olimar CPU fights her;
	      this event could run Melee Battlefield instead of the Brawl themed PM one
29 - All-Star Semifinal Regulars (any character vs the 4 unlockables from Smash 64 on Yoshi's Story)
	Oddities: Yoshi's Story and Brawl's Melee intro remix don't clash well...
	          In Brawl this event takes place on... Yoshi's Island Melee? It's not much better,
		  we should select another stage ourselves
30 - Sonic Boom (Sonic vs 15 Sonics on PM GHZ)
	Note: TAS gameplay shows one CPU's BP looking corrupted, not sure if it's just due to the
	      speed at which the CPUs are defeated and replaced
31 - The Ultimate Bodyguard (Marth and Zelda vs many Ganondorfs on PM Castle Siege)
	Oddities: the icon seems to show a different stage...? But Brawl's like that too
32 - The Bowser Challenge (any character vs 3 Bowsers on FoD)
	Note: TAS gameplay shows corrupted music in this event; it's SMB Underground which
	      also mismatches the stage;
	      in Brawl the event Bird in Darkest Night is there instead of #6!
33 - Advent of the Evil King (Ganondorf vs Link, Zelda and Pit on Temple)
34 - All-Star Battle Melee (any character vs 8 Melee newcomers on PM PS2)
	Oddities: mismatch between stage and Brawl's Melee CSS remix, which Brawl also has...
35 - The Visitor to Flat Zone (G&W vs black Toon Link, Peach and Jigglypuff on Flat Zone 2)
36 - High-Tech Special Forces (Snake vs Samus, Captain Falcon and Wolf on Shadow Moses Island)
37 - The Pirate Airship (Toon Link vs 2 Yoshis on Pirate Ship)
38 - The Wolf Hunts the Fox (Wolf vs Fox and Falco on Lylat Cruise)
39 - All-Star Battle x2 (any character vs 8 newcomers on Infinite Glacier)
	Oddities: stage mismatch with the theme and sped up joke Brawl theme; in Brawl this event
		  is in Skyworld with "Menu 1" from Brawl, better stage with similar mismatch issue
40 - The Final Battle (any character vs Giga Bowser, Mewtwo and Ganondorf on PM FD)
41 - The FINAL Final Battle (any character vs Sonic, Snake and mega Mario on PM FD)

5 Brawl-only 1p events: Super Bowser Bros., The Monster Beneath the Earth, Super Waterfall Climb,
			Molten Norfair, Flower Blooms in the Echoes.

Only if events can go beyond 41 I would aim to restore them as extra events, with "The FINAL FINAL
Final Battle" where you fight Mewtwo and Roy with any character on PM FD as an extra 47th.
If that's not doable we should scrap the idea.


Co-op

1 - Two Trouble Kings (Mario & Kirby vs Bowser and Dedede on Delfino)
	Note: in Brawl this event takes place in Delfino Plaza, but maybe DS suits the fight better
2 - Master the Pokémon Tag Battle (PT & Pikachu vs 3 stock Charizard and 1 stock Mewtwo on Saffron)
	Oddities: the first CPU could alternate PT's trio between stocks; Saffron is not as good of
		  a pick as PM PS2 which the image also seems to show; player 1 is Ivysaur so the
		  character icon should reflect that;
		  in Brawl it's PT & Pikachu vs an identical team and with the switch lockout
		  gimmick, we should copy the same gimmick like in the single player version of the
		  event if possible
3 - Fastest, Shortest, Sudden Death (Yoshi & DDD vs Lucas and Pit on Wario Land)
	Oddities: the icon shows FD instead of WL... and that same icon is in Brawl...
4 - The War of Rumble Falls (DK and Diddy vs Diddy, DDD, Zard, giant Bowser and giant DK on PM RF)
	Note: Brawl has another event here, The DK Tag Calamity with DK and Diddy fighting 4 Diddys
	      and 1 DK on Mario Circuit with the help of the Lighting item, so it's a co-op version
	      of #7
5 - The Yoshi Team of 50 (MK & Pit vs 50 Yoshis on Peach's Castle 64 HD)
	Note: the event suits Rainbow Cruise better like in Brawl
6 - Unwanted Suitors (Zelda & ZSS vs invisible Luigi and Falcon on Port Town)
7 - Battle of the Dark Sides (Link & Samus vs dark versions on Hyrule Castle)
	Oddities: the icon shows Bridge of Eldin, also Link and Samus have normal costumes being
		  Dark Link and Purple Samus - the event should function like in Brawl with 2
		  shadows on Bridge of Eldin
8 - All MINE! (Wario & Bowser vs Mario and Luigi on PM Skyworld)
9 - Those Who Wait in Onett (Lucas & Ness vs Luigi and Yoshi on Onett)
10 - The R.O.B.'s of Tomorrow (Lucario & ICs vs 5 R.O.B.s with two being giant on Infinite Glacier)
	Note: not sure on what fits better here between Infinite Glacier, Summit and anything else
11 - Treasure Tussle (Luigi & Peach vs Marth and Ike on Luigi's Mansion)
	Note: in Brawl this event is called The Great Remodeling Battle and has a different
	      description, requiring players not to damage the stage; we should restore name and
	      description from Brawl and make the stage be loaded from the iso for this event
12 - Come Back, Falcon Flyer! (Falcon & Olimar vs Samus and PM Blue Samus on Big Blue)
	Oddities: the icon shows Falcon with Final Smash aura but isn't using it...? And Brawl does
		  the same
13 - Blades of the Quick and Mighty (Marth & Ike vs Link, MK and Roy on Temple)
	Note: this event has Ganondorf instead of Roy in Brawl, but Roy suits it better
14 - The Dark Guardians (Ganondorf and Wolf vs giant Zard and DK on Fourside)
	Note: Brawl has New Pork City here, but Fourside should work better
15 - Four Swords Brawl (Toon Link & Toon Link vs two more on Pirate Ship)
16 - Where you At? (Falcon & Fox vs Fox on PM Battlefield)
	Oddities: the event could use Melee Battlefield instead; here Brawl has Jigglypuff's Great
		  Comeback where Puff and G&W fight Lucas and Ness on Castle siege
17 - Sonic & Mario (Sonic & Mario vs other Sonic and Mario on PM GHZ)
18 - The New Weapon of Shadow Moses (Snake & R.O.B. vs two R.O.B.s on Shadow Moses Island)
19 - Shadow of Andross (Fox & Falco vs Wolf on Lylat Cruise)
20 - The Final Battle for Two (any character vs Wario, DDD, Wolf, MK, Ganon & Bowser on PM FD)
21 - The True All-Star Battle (any character vs the full roster on PM Battlefield)
	Oddities: the intended track is PM's CSS theme, which doesn't suit the fight;
		  also, only Charizard of the trio fights you - ZSS and Sheik are there but not
		  Zelda and Samus so it almost makes sense, but still the trio is technically
		  separate individuals, so...

2 Brawl-only co-op events: The DK Tag Calamity, Jigglypuff's Great Comeback

Only if co-op events can go beyond 21 I would aim to restore them as extra events, with an extra
24th event I would think about.
If that's not doable we should scrap the idea.